So doesn't that corps has built in support for dependency injection and we created a repository in our
last video and the repository is using an interface and all that is great it's coding to abstractions.
However it's actually implementing a concrete object from a repository is actually instantiating it
right here.
That's usually not what you want.
This is actually a bad idea.
So what we actually mean is we want to be able to inject the repository into the controller.
That way when we're unit testing it later we can actually inject a marked repository that is returning
Mach data for our unit tests without having to rely on any sort of external service.
So how do we do that.
We add a constructor method.
But before we do that we actually were going to go and create a private variable.
Now typically with repositories or any sort of private variables a lot of people will say that it's
a convention to have it start with a lower case but it can be whatever you want but we're going to want
this to be a read only object.
And we're going to say that it's a I ban repository object and then we'll just call it a band repository.
So we're declaring it up here at the top.
So that means our class is going to be using it and we can use it throughout all the methods on our
class object.
So how do we go out and instantiate the value we want to instantiated from the value that's passed.
So we're going to go ahead and create a public constructor method which is really just a public method
that has the same name as the controller.
So it's called Music controller and this is automatically going to be a constructor method is going
to know how to handle it that way and we're going to take in a band repository object so we're going
to say repository and then from inside of here this is where we're going to go and instantiate our private
band repository equals a repository that got passed in.
So now what we can do any time this constructor or this controller is instantiated.
We can now inject a dynamic repository into that controller and our code is now using inversion of control
which allows us to use dependency injection that we're injecting our dependencies into the code.
By the way that we wrote this we're able to do that as opposed to if you didn't write it this way you
wouldn't be able to do it.
And unit testing and everything else becomes much more difficult.
Another good thing about this is because we're using a bad repository any sort of class and implements
the repository would actually satisfy the requirement for this controller so you can literally plug
in and plug out all kinds of different repositories for different environments different test code things
like that.
So it's just a very clean way of writing your code.
So now what I want to do is I want to go out and get rid of the repository I'm using here and I'm gonna
go and reference my local band repository and say get bands and it's going to work the exact same way.
Now the thing is is that this isn't going to work by default because what we need to do is we actually
need to and we have to register this new service so that we know how.
So that the embassy on that application knows how to inject this appropriately.
So in order to register this service we just have to go over to our startup class and inside of here
we're going to go ahead and add the services and we can say services.
And then there's a few options here you could say add transience which means that it's going to be created
once for every request and that's for lightweight services.
There's ads Singleton and that's what we're going to use here.
And the ad Singleton takes in arguments here so you're going to pass in the types that it's expected.
So if you remember we have a band repository right.
You go install that right and we're going to bring that and then we're also going to say what you're
going to be returning to me as a band repository says we're going to be injecting.
So let's go out and make sure we're including the correct models here and then we also need to instantiate
this object.
So if everything goes correctly this should use the repositories to stamp out a band repository class
object.
It should then pass it into the controller that it finds that matches up to this band I've been repository
and by doing so the only controller that does so is the music controller here that has the constructor
method that takes an IBM repositories or by default MVC dot net is going to know to inject that object
into this and then it's going to be assigned to the local repository of value which is safely cordoned
off from everything else because it's a private variable on this class object.
And then we can start then referencing that private value then to request the public methods on a repository.
So hopefully it's not all too confusing for you but it's just ultimately calling this and it's a very
roundabout way of doing so but it allows us to unit tests much easier and we'll see in the future it
also allows us once again to stamp out different service.
And just to show you guys that it does work if I'm on a high I'm going to highlight the entire line
up here at the top I'm going to comment out those that line.
I just want to show you that if we try to request the page and the way we did before for all the bands
we're going to get an error message and we're getting a 500 server error and it's saying that we are
unable to service type and repository and so we don't know what you're talking about.
So you're trying to register some sort of service.
We're expecting some sort of value to be declared in services configuration section of the startup file
and it's not there so it's complaining about that.
And that's ultimately kind of a cryptic way of saying you need to register the service so that we know
how to resolve it.
And once again you add this back and I refreshed the page we now have the same exact results over using
dependency injection through inversion of control and a very clean design pattern.
All right guys thanks for watching.